Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In the previous video we trained and tested our model.
Now it's time to save it so we can use it in production.
The first part of the saving process is to create model directory where the tensor flow serving library
will look for the model define a variable called Model dir and set its value to model slash.
This is the path of the model directory in the root folder of the project.
Then we need to define the current version of the model.
So right version equals to one and a new code cell.
Let us combine our model the rectory with the model version to create the full path define the variable
expert path equals two I's dot path dot the drawing model there and string version of version variable
after that let's print it out.
As you can see this is the folder that we need to create model slash one since this is the first version
of our model and the last step before we save the model is to make sure that this path of model does
not exist.
It is not a necessary step but let us do it anyways to make sure everything works correctly right.
If I's dot path dot easy there are expert path if this statement is true we will call a bash command
to delete it right.
Exclamation mark I am sure therefore remove and because this path is our folder we need to remove it
recursively so add a flagged dash aha and finally provide our path like this in curly brackets expert
path because we want the value of this expert path.
Now we have everything ready to save our model in the previous sections we saved our model by saving
our structure and the weight separately but in the case of using modelling production there are some
additional information that we need such as what is the input of the model and what outputs to expect
and so on to save the model for production use t of that save model that simple save.
And this model takes a lot of arguments.
The first one is our session where the model is currently running the second one is our expert path
and then the last two arguments our model inputs and model outputs we have to provide this information
as well because of the library itself it needs to know what parts of the model it should return to a
user for example so let's do that.
The first argument is a session and two accessed session in terms of flow 2.0.
Right.
Do you have dot cross dot backend dot get session this will get the current session and return it then
we have the second argument where we need to provide our model or path to the model we defined above.
So that is export path for inputs we need to provide a Python dictionary the library needs to map model
parts to an individual key for inputs let's put input image is a key and for a value let's access inputs
to in a bottle.
So just type model dot input.
Lastly we have to provide outputs from the model the model could have multiple outputs from it.
So we want to use hardcoded key value pairs as we did for inputs instead we are going to use a technique
called dictionary comprehension to do this inside the dictionary brackets right for t in model dot outputs
and for our key value pair of right d dot name column D execute a cell and as you can see it saved the
model to our directory if we go to files you can find there a newly created folder called model inside
the reader we have a sub folder one because our version of the model is 1 and congratulations.
Now we have saved the model for the first time for the production purposes the only thing left to do
for us is to load the model and send the request to it if you have any questions or comments please
post them in the comments section otherwise of seeing the next tutorial.